Announcer: DUELISTS
YOUNG AND OLD,
PROFESSIONAL
AND AMATEUR ALIKE,
IT'S THE MOMENT
YOU'VE BEEN WAITING FOR.
SO MAKE SOME NOISE
FOR THE NUMBER-ONE-RANKED
TURBO DUELIST IN THE WORLD--
JACK ATLAS!
[CHEERING]
AS HE LOOKS TO ADD
TO HIS UNBEATEN STREAK TODAY,
ONE BEGS THE QUESTION--
CAN ANYONE TAKE THIS MAN DOWN?
WHAT SAY WE KICK
THIS TURBO DUEL
INTO OVERDRIVE?
[CHEERING]
I'M COMING
FOR YOU, JACK.
AND THIS TIME,
I'M GOING TO SETTLE THE SCORE.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Announcer: WITH ONE
WARM-UP LAP TO GO,
THE REMATCH OF THE CENTURY
IS ABOUT TO GET UNDERWAY.
BUT WILL THE COMPETITION
EVER SHOW ITS FACE?
AND HUNTER PACE
HAS FINALLY SHOWN UP,
EAGER TO REGAIN
HIS TITLE.
I'LL FIRE THINGS UP.
Computer: DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
AUTOPILOT STANDING BY.
Announcer: WITH THEIR SPEED
WORLD FIELD SPELLS ACTIVATED,
THE ACTION'S ABOUT TO START.
NOW, FOR THOSE OF YOU
JOINING US FOR THE FIRST TIME,
LET'S REVIEW THE RULES
OF ENGAGEMENT.
ONCE SPEED WORLD
HAS BEEN ACTIVATED,
THE ONLY SPELLS
A DUELIST CAN USE
ARE SPEED SPELLS.
NORMAL SPELLS NOW TAKE
A BACKSEAT TO THE ACTION.
ADDITIONALLY, A RIDER'S STRENGTH
IS NOW GOVERNED
BY THE DUELIST'S SPEED COUNTER.
THE MORE SPEED A DUELIST HAS,
THE STRONGER THE MOVE
THEY CAN MAKE.
[CHEERING]
Computer: TURBO DUELISTS
COUNTDOWN INITIATED.
READY, SET, DUEL.
YOU'RE ALL MINE.
Cheerleaders: TURBO DUEL!
TURBO DUEL! TURBO DUEL!
Announcer: AND HUNTER
HAS PLAYED A POWERFUL TRAP.
CAN JACK ATLAS RECOVER?
YOU'VE HAD YOUR FUN,
BUT IT'S TIME
FOR MY VICTORY LAP.
NOW, I'M SURE
YOU REMEMBER
MY RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND
FROM OUR LAST
MATCH, HUNTER.
AND SINCE YOU
WORKED SO HARD
TO GET BACK HERE,
YOU CAN HAVE
THE HONOR OF FALLING
TO MY MOST POWERFUL
BEAST AGAIN.
ARCHFIEND, SEND HIM
BACK TO THE JUNKYARD
WITH SCORCHING
CRIMSON FLARE!
Announcer: AND JACK ATLAS'
UNBEATEN STREAK CONTINUES.
WHO'S THE ONE
MASTER OF FASTER?
WHO RULES THE DUELS?
THAT'S RIGHT. IT'S ME.
Man: MR. ATLAS,
CAN WE GET A WORD?
EVER SINCE YOU BURST
ONTO THE SCENE
WITH YOUR FIRST
DUEL RUNNER,
THE COMPETITION HASN'T
BEEN ABLE TO KEEP UP.
IS IT THE POWER IN YOUR RIDE
THAT HAS CATAPULTED YOU
TO THE NUMBER-ONE
RANKING IN THE WORLD?
UH!
LET'S GET THIS
STRAIGHT.
IT'S NOT THE POWER
OF THE RUNNER.
IT'S THE RIDER.
I'LL TAKE ON ANYONE
ON ANY RIDE,
AND I'LL STILL BE
VICTORIOUS.
ANY MORE QUESTIONS?
ONE MORE. DO YOU
HAVE ANYTHING TO SAY
TO THOSE OUT THERE
WHO DREAM
OF ONE DAY
CHALLENGING YOU?
Atlas: YES.
OH, HEY, YUSEI.
BRING IT--
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
WE WOULD HAVE WATCHED
THE DUEL SOMEWHERE ELSE,
YUSE. HONEST.
BUT THE CABLE WE RIGGED
COULDN'T STRETCH ANY FARTHER.
JACK WAS AMAZING,
AS ALWAYS.
Blitz: NERVIN,
ZIP IT, WOULD YOU?
WHAT? WHAT DID
I SAY, BLITZ?
HE DON'T WANT TO HEAR
ABOUT HOW AMAZING
JACK ATLAS WAS.
OH, SORRY.
ONLY ONE PERSON
SHOULD BE SORRY.
RIGHT. JACK STILL
OWES YOU FOR WHAT HE DID.
GOT THAT RIGHT.
Tank: SO, WHERE
YOU BEEN, YUSE?
THE TUNNELS, TESTING
A NEW ACCELERATION CHIP.
SO, ARE YOU
GOING TO TELL US
IF THE NEW CHIP
WORKED OUT OR WHAT?
DUH, TANK. DOES IT
LOOK LIKE IT WORKED?
I GUESS NOT.
ALTHOUGH, HEY,
YOUR OTHER RUNNER
LOOKED GREAT ON TV.
TANK!
JUST TRYING TO MAKE
OUR FRIEND FEEL BETTER IS ALL.
THAT IS YUSEI'S
DUEL RUNNER.
I MEAN, IF IT WEREN'T
FOR JACK DOUBLE-CROSSING YUSE
AND STEALING HIS RIDE,
YUSE WOULD HAVE BEEN
GIVING THAT INTERVIEW.
BUT BECAUSE JACK GOT ALL FAMOUS
WITH YUSE'S RUNNER,
ALL THE FAME, FORTUNE, AND GLORY
ARE JACK'S NOW.
TANK!
WHAT?
[RALLY PANTING]
YUSEI! HEY, YUSEI!
ARE YOU DOWN HERE?
IN HERE, RALLY.
WHAT'S UP,
LITTLE BUDDY?
WAIT TILL YOU SEE
WHAT I GOT FOR YUSEI.
WHY DO I HAVE
A BAD FEELING
ABOUT THIS?
Blitz: BECAUSE YOU ALWAYS
HAVE BAD FEELINGS.
CHECK IT OUT. A SKYLON-30
ACCELERATION CHIP.
THAT'S A SKYLON?
AREN'T THOSE
INCREDIBLY EXPENSIVE?
HUH?
IT LOOKS LIKE IT'S
NEVER BEEN USED.
DON'T TELL ME
YOU STOLE THIS.
I DIDN'T STEAL
NOTHING!
IT WAS JUST LAYING
ON THE GROUND
IN BROAD DAYLIGHT.
MAYBE SOMEONE
DROPPED IT.
RALLY, YOU
SHOULDN'T HAVE TAKEN
WHAT DON'T BELONG
TO YOU.
YOU KNOW
HOW THINGS ARE HERE.
NOBODY LEAVES NOTHING
JUST LYING AROUND.
IF THEY SAW YOU,
THEY'LL TRACK US DOWN
AND MARK US ALL.
Yusei: EASY, NERVIN.
RALLY, LET ME SEE THAT.
THIS IS JUST
WHAT I NEEDED.
Nervin: YOU CAN'T
USE THAT, YUSE.
YOU'VE GOT TO MAKE
RALLY TAKE IT BACK.
I KNEW YOU'D LIKE IT.
I KNEW IT!
WILL IT MAKE YOU FASTER?
Yusei: ABSOLUTELY.
Tank: WELL, THEN MAYBE
HE SHOULDN'T RETURN IT.
TANK!
WHAT?
WE KNOW
HOW YOU FEEL, YUSE,
BUT I THINK IT'S TIME
TO BURY THE PAST,
MOVE ON, AND FORGET
ABOUT JACK ATLAS.
BUT JACK ALSO TOOK YUSEI'S
BEST CARD, REMEMBER, NERVIN?
AND YOU REMEMBER,
JACK'S IN THE CITY,
AND THE PEOPLE
OVER THERE DON'T
TAKE TOO KINDLY
TO THOSE OF US
FROM THE SATELLITE.
YEAH. AND IN CASE
YOU FORGOT,
SOMETIMES YOU'VE GOT TO
STAND UP FOR YOURSELF.
YUSEI, US SATELLITES
SHOULD JUST STAY PUT.
JACK DIDN'T STAY,
SO WHY SHOULD I?
LET HIM GO, BRO.
DON'T RISK YOUR FREEDOM
FOR SOME WHEELS
AND A CARD.
I THINK NERVE'S RIGHT.
IT'S TIME TO PUT
THE PAST IN THE PAST.
[COMPUTER BUZZES]
HUH?
[ENGINE REVVING]
[ALL GASP]
WOW! NOW THAT'S
WHAT I CALL POWER.
HMM.
TAKE IT OUT
FOR A SPIN.
LET'S FIND OUT
WHAT IT CAN DO.
[ALL GASP]
Tank: WHAT'S THAT?
Nervin: IT'S SECTOR SECURITY!
Man on loudspeaker:
IDENTIFICATION NUMBER AWX-86007,
YOU ARE IN POSSESSION
OF STOLEN PROPERTY.
ESCAPE IS NOT AN OPTION.
YOU'RE SURROUNDED.
WE HAVE YOU SURROUNDED,
86007.
LOOK WHAT YOU DID!
I DIDN'T DO
NOTHING!
BLITZ, I PROMISE
I DIDN'T STEAL
ANYTHING!
IT'S LIKE
I SAID BEFORE,
IT WAS JUST
LYING THERE,
AND NOBODY
WAS AROUND.
NONE OF THAT
MATTERS, RALLY.
IT'S GONNA BE
ALL RIGHT.
SO, WHAT
SHOULD WE DO?
THERE'S NOTHING
WE CAN DO.
THAT MARK IS LIKE
A HOMING DEVICE.
IT SENDS A SIGNAL
TO SECURITY.
Yusei: I GOT THAT COVERED.
[COMPUTER BEEPING]
THE SIGNAL! IT'S
BEEN COMPROMISED!
I BOUGHT YOU GUYS
A COUPLE OF MINUTES.
WHERE DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE GOING?
YOU TAKE
THE EAST TUNNEL.
I'M GOING TO TAKE THIS CHIP
OUT FOR A TEST DRIVE.
YOU HEARD THE MAN.
LET'S BOLT!
THIS INTEL
WAS PERFECT.
CENTRAL, THE PRIZE
IS IN MY SIGHTS.
LOCK ON
TO MY SIGNAL.
MAN, I DIDN'T THINK
THEY'D BE ON ME THIS QUICK.
YOU ON THE RUNNER,
PULL OVER.
THERE'S NO USE
TRYING TO ESCAPE.
HUH. REMEMBER ME,
YUSEI?
IT'S BEEN A WHILE
SINCE THE CENTER.
I'LL THANK JACK FOR
SETTING UP THIS REUNION.
HA. HA HA HA! JACK SAID
WITH THE RIGHT BAIT,
RALLY WOULD LEAD US
RIGHT TO YOU.
I KNEW WE SHOULD HAVE
LOCKED YOU UP
WHEN YOU WERE A KID.
LOOKS LIKE I'LL
FINALLY GET MY WISH.
AND WITH YOU AND RALLY
OFF TO THE FACILITY,
JACK WILL HAVE ONE LESS
THING TO WORRY ABOUT.
NOW TELL ME, ARE YOU
GOING TO MAKE THIS EASY
AND COME ALONG
QUIETLY?
HMM.
I WILL...
IF YOU CAN BEAT ME.
HA HA HA. I SEE
YOU STILL THINK
YOU CAN OUTDUEL
SECTOR SECURITY.
IT'S TOO BAD
THE RULES SAY
YOU SATELLITES
CAN'T CARRY CARDS.
RULES WERE MADE
TO BE BROKEN.
WEREN'T THEY?
NOW, IF I WIN
THIS DUEL,
RALLY AND ME
ARE FREE TO GO,
NO QUESTIONS
ASKED, TRUDGE.
THE LAW DOES NOT
NEGOTIATE WITH--
AND WHAT'S IN IT
FOR ME,
SHOULD I ACCEPT
YOUR PROPOSAL?
BUT ARTICLE 4-B
CLEARLY STATES--
WELL, ALLOW ME
TO CLEARLY STATE THIS--
GET MOVING, OR ELSE.
THIS IS HIGHLY
IMPROPER!
I SAID MOVE,
OR WOULD YOU PREFER
TO BE WORKING
ON TRASH DETAIL?
BACK TO COMMAND CENTRAL,
EVERYONE. DIRECT ORDERS.
WELL, SHOULD YOU
ACCEPT AND WIN,
YOU'LL TELL
SECTOR SECURITY
TO CALL OFF
THEIR HUNT
FOR RALLY.
AND HOW DOES THAT
BENEFIT ME?
BECAUSE I'M GOING
TO SAY IT WAS ME
WHO STOLE THE CHIP
AND THAT I TRIED
TO FLEE THE SCENE
BUT COULDN'T OUTRUN
YOUR PURSUIT.
A STATEMENT LIKE
THAT WILL PROBABLY
BUMP YOU UP
TO SERGEANT.
SO WHAT DO YOU SAY,
OFFICER?
YOU'VE GOT YOURSELF
A DEAL...FOOL.
[ENGINES REVVING]
HERE WE GO.
I'LL ENGAGE
THE SPEED WORLD
FIELD SPELL.
Computer:
DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
AUTOPILOT ACTIVATED.
LET'S RIDE!
I CAN'T WAIT TO FINALLY
PUT YOU AWAY.
AND MY ASSAULT DOG IS GOING TO
HELP MAKE SURE OF IT.
WITH IT ON THE FIELD,
I PLACE A CARD FACE-DOWN
AND END MY TURN.
IT'S MY MOVE, THEN.
AND WITH THE POWER
OF MY SPEED COUNTER,
I CAN SUMMON...
SPEED WARRIOR.
YOU NEVER WERE GOOD AT MATH,
NOW, WERE YOU?
I MEAN, THAT MONSTER'S ATTACK
POINTS ARE LESS THAN MINE.
WHY BOTHER
SUMMONING HIM OUT?
HEY, WHY DID HIS ATTACK
POINTS DOUBLE LIKE THAT?
I HEARD YOU WERE
AT THE BOTTOM
OF YOUR CLASS
AT THE ACADEMY.
AND I CAN SEE
WHY NOW.
HA. STILL
A WISE GUY, I SEE.
I EXPECTED NOTHING LESS.
WELL, DID YOU EXPECT
MY SPEED WARRIOR
TO TAKE OUT
YOUR BLAST DOG?
GO, HYPERSONIC SLASH!
YOU ALWAYS WERE
A KNOW-IT-ALL.
WELL, I'M ABOUT TO TEACH YOU
A BRAND-NEW LESSON, YUSEI.
SEE, WHEN ASSAULT DOG
IS SENT TO THE GRAVEYARD
BECAUSE OF AN ATTACK,
I CAN SUMMON ANOTHER ONE
FROM MY DECK
TO TAKE ITS PLACE.
STILL USING THE SAME
OLD DECK, I SEE.
I PLAY A FACE-DOWN
AND END MY TURN.
AND NOW THAT YOUR SPEED
WARRIOR'S ATTACK POINTS
ARE HALVED,
I REMOVE MY ASSAULT
DOG FROM PLAY
TO BRING OUT
HANDCUFFS DRAGON.
HERE'S A QUICK
MATH LESSON.
WITH 1,800 ATTACK POINTS,
YOUR SPEED WARRIOR
IS ABOUT TO GET SUBTRACTED
FROM THE PLAYING FIELD.
NOT IF I PLAY
MY FACE-DOWN.
SCRAP-IRON SCARECROW!
GRR...
WITH THIS, I CAN ABSORB
YOUR DRAGON'S ATTACK
AND SAVE
MY SPEED WARRIOR.
HA. YOU MEAN THAT
WOULD HAVE HAPPENED
IF NOT FOR THE WIRETAP
TRAP CARD!
COME ON, YUSE.
FOCUS.
YOU CAN'T LET THIS GUY
PUSH YOU AROUND.
HANDCUFFS DRAGON,
TAKE OUT HIS MONSTER!
HMM.
YOUR DECK'S MADE UP
OF CARDS OTHERS THREW AWAY,
AND NO MATTER
HOW YOU PATCH IT UP,
TRASH IS STILL TRASH.
IT'S MY TURN.
I SUMMON SONIC CHICK
IN DEFENSE MODE.
NEXT I PLACE 2 CARDS
FACE-DOWN
AND END MY TURN.
HA HA HA! JUST LIKE
A SATELLITE
TO HIDE BEHIND JUNK.
WELL...
I'LL FLUSH YOU OUT. HA.
1, 2, 3.
HA HA HA! NOW BY SENDING
THOSE 3 CARDS TO MY GRAVEYARD,
I CAN SPECIAL-SUMMON
MONTAGE DRAGON TO THE FIELD.
AND WITH A POWERFUL BEAST
LIKE THAT IN PLAY,
IT'S ONLY A MATTER OF TIME
BEFORE THIS DUEL IS OVER
AND I GET TO TURN YOU IN.
Computer: MONTAGE DRAGON'S
ATTACK POINTS
ARE EQUAL TO THE TOTAL LEVEL
OF THE MONSTERS
SENT TO THE GRAVEYARD
MULTIPLIED BY 300.
QUITE THE BEAST.
WAIT TILL YOU
SEE IT IN ACTION.
BUT FIRST,
MY HANDCUFFS DRAGON
IS TAKING OUT
YOUR SONIC CHICK.
AND WITH HIM
OUT OF THE PICTURE,
I'M JUST ONE ATTACK FROM
PUTTING YOU AWAY FOR GOOD.
GO, POWER COLLAGE!
[GROANING]
YOU MAY HAVE
KNOCKED ME DOWN,
BUT IT WILL TAKE
MORE THAN THAT
TO KNOCK ME OUT.
THERE'S NOT
A CARD IN YOUR DECK
THAT CAN
SAVE YOU NOW.
HE'S RIGHT,
BUT I'VE NEVER RELIED
ON JUST ONE CARD BEFORE,
AND I DON'T PLAN
ON STARTING NOW.
LET'S SEE
WHAT I GOT FOR YOU.
IT'S GO TIME.
I SUMMON OUT THE JUNK
SYNCHRON TUNER MONSTER.
Computer: JUNK SYNCHRON
IS A LEVEL-3 TUNER MONSTER.
TUNER MONSTERS COMBINE
WITH OTHER MONSTERS
TO FORM MORE POWERFUL
SYNCHRO MONSTERS.
YOU HAVE A TUNER MONSTER?
THAT CAN'T BE.
AND YET SOMEHOW IT IS.
NEXT UP, I ACTIVATE
THE GRACEFUL REVIVAL
TRAP CARD.
AND IT ALLOWS ME TO DO
WHAT US SATELLITES
DO BEST--
RECYCLE MY SPEED WARRIOR
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
GRR...
NOW I TUNE MY JUNK SYNCHRON
WITH MY SPEED WARRIOR
TO SYNCHRO-SUMMON
JUNK WARRIOR!
LET'S REV IT UP!
CLEVER MOVE,
BUT YOUR MONSTER'S
STILL NOT STRONG ENOUGH
TO STOP MY MONTAGE DRAGON.
LOOKS LIKE AFTER ALL THAT,
YOU STILL UNDERESTIMATED
THE POWER OF MY BEAST.
AND YOU UNDERESTIMATED
THE POWER OF MY DECK.
GO, VISION WIND!
MY VISION WIND?
YOU WON THAT FROM ME
ON YOUR LAST DAY
AT THE RE-EDUCATION CENTER.
WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO DO WITH IT?
WIN THIS DUEL. AS I'M
SURE YOU REMEMBER,
WITH IT, I CAN
SPECIAL-SUMMON
ONE LEVEL-2
OR BELOW MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD,
AND I SUMMON
MY SPEED WARRIOR!
WITH IT ON THE FIELD,
JUNK WARRIOR'S SPECIAL
ABILITY ACTIVATES,
MAKING JUNK WARRIOR
900 POINTS STRONGER.
HOW COULD I LET A PUNK KID
FROM THE SATELLITE SECTOR
GET THE UPPER HAND,
WITH THAT POWER?
MY JUNK WARRIOR
IS GOING TO MAKE SURE
ME AND RALLY STAY FREE.
I BET YOU THOUGHT
THAT BY ATTACKING,
YOU'D ONLY BE
HURTING ME,
WHEN IN FACT YOU REALLY
JUST HURT YOURSELF.
BUT THAT'S NOTHING NEW,
IS IT, YUSEI?
AS I RECALL, YOU WERE
ALWAYS ONE TO ACT FIRST
AND THINK SECOND.
REMINDS ME OF THE TIME
YOU TRIED TO BREAK
CURFEW WITH RALLY.
YOU NEVER THOUGHT
YOU'D BE CAUGHT,
BUT ONE NEVER DOES
UNTIL THEY ARE.
I CAN STILL REMEMBER
THE SCARED LOOK ON RALLY'S FACE.
AND I CAN'T WAIT
TO SEE IT AGAIN
ONCE YOUR FRIEND
IS ROUNDED UP.
WELL, KEEP WAITING,
BECAUSE I'M NOT LOSING.
NOT WHAT?
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP
CARD EQUIP SHOT!
THIS RELEASES MY WARRIOR
FROM YOUR DRAGON'S GRIP
AND LETS ME USE
ITS ABILITY AGAINST YOU.
YOU CAN'T USE
MY MONSTER AGAINST ME!
GROWING UP
ON THE STREETS,
I LEARNED TO BECOME
VERY RESOURCEFUL,
USING EVERYTHING
TO MY ADVANTAGE.
AND THAT INCLUDES
USING MY OPPONENTS'
OWN MOVE
AGAINST THEMSELVES.
JUNK WARRIOR, END THIS.
AAH!
OH, THERE GOES MY PROMOTION.
GUESS I'M GOING BACK TO BEING
A DUEL-RUNNER METER MAID.
OH!
YOU MENTIONED EARLIER
HOW YOU WANTED
TO TEACH ME A LESSON.
WELL, HOW ABOUT
I LEAVE YOU WITH THIS?
DON'T UNDERESTIMATE
US SATELLITES
OR OUR DECKS, BECAUSE
WHAT YOU SEE AS WEAKNESS
IS WHAT TRULY
MAKES US STRONG.
TELL JACK THANKS
FOR THE CHIP.
GRR...
THINGS AIN'T OVER
BETWEEN YOU AND ME.
GET READY, DOMINO CITY.
I'M COMING.